the best saves us
and
we have to talk
the result of those who do
boys I want it to be 1 to 0 with a
goal of funes mori 20
can be
eleven
funes mori one and the other
now that the second time enters that what
has son 2 to 1
the fundéu monya today and good iturbe
iturbe was 1 to 0 they solve it
fundamor already in the end with confidence
thank you
one goes if they go to river with today's goal
we will be winning 1 to 0 with Uruguay
the black Carlos Sanchez we have 2 to
0 so you can die mori
and I hope it's the party
visionary always 1 to 0
we return the designation a toilet
20 delay the result for the match
I have to fujimori
today we won 0 with goals today today
the nail the river wins 2 to 0 with two
goals after
to 0
iturbe go river go river